In recent years, as sand castle art has become more popular, more and more ingenious sand castle art works have been created. However, perfect works of art will disappear, and how to be preserved for a long time becomes an obstacle to the advancement of Sandcastle art.

First, the optimal geometry considering the dual erosion effects of waves and tides is determined. On the basis of reasonably limiting the shape selection range,by establishing the Dynamic Model of the Sandcastle Foundation based on the evaluation index of the comprehensive sand and sand carrying capacity of waves and tides, we use COMSOL to accurately simulate the movement state of the sand castle foundation. On this basis, by creating the Sandcastle Foundation Damage Index, we reasonably determine the duration of the sandcastle. Finally, we use a Discrete Global Optimization Algorithm Based on Successive Descent Methods to determine the shape of the optimal sandcastle foundation as a cylinder.

Secondly, the optimal water-sand mixing ratio is determined. Based on Model 1, a model of Water-sand Aggregation-water-sand Ratio Relationship was first established. By limiting the allowed degree of polymerization, the water-sand ratio is limited to a reasonable range. We again use the discrete global optimization algorithm based on the successive descent method to efficiently find the optimal water-sand mix ratio of 0.739.

Further, an optimal geometry considering rain erosion is determined. We define the sandcastle collapse limit coefficient, and comprehensively establish the Rainwater Erosion Resistance Quantification Model by integrating the ability to resist rainwater infiltration and the evacuation ratio of the sandcastle structure. Further, A Quantified Model of Sandcastle's Ability to Resist Wave Erosion was established. Considering two indicators of anti-erosion ability and establishing a fuzzy comprehensive evaluation model, we determine that the optimal shape is still a cylinder.

Finally, we use the method of humidifying and spraying the adhesive when the air humidity is the lowest to improve the stability of the sand castle foundation. A Humidity Prediction Model Based on the RBF Neural Network Algorithm was established, and we used the model to test the humidity of Venice Beach on August 1. Based on the air humidity data obtained in the previous month, we divided the weather conditions into sunny and cloudy days, and predicted the air humidity trends for sunny and cloudy days on August 1, respectively. Finally, we decided to humidify the sandcastle foundation and spray the adhesive at 13:30 on a cloudy day and 13:00 on a sunny day.